very good all equal gamer we are
playing competitive multiplayer testing
hardcore is my first gameplay of my
first game obviously but if my
first gameplay so let's see how
is this
oh by the way I'm using this that is
an exceptional weapon not a weapon
legendary is not an exceptional weapon like that
that we're going to try it out a bit is not yet
much improved and I think it's not very very
good for now but I do not know what
You can, this is going to catch
some of these hatreds more colorful god
no no no no I have loaded one in order
could make up a lot and play be very
well that will always depend on her
You already know how this is going to see if I get there
there are leaves that with teleportation
that I have because instead of flying from
teleportation is quite complicated
God, I think I'm going to leave the shotgun
sectioned in each boom
like it has not killed those weapons that
kill from wherever you are
I'm going to put my batteries I do not want
fail if I screw her a lot to have to
change the shotgun is all in future
although he has only put it in for a while
that you see it since it is an exceptional
it is important to hate this transportation
by the wind and this has taken
already saw that I have one here
up or down I'm going to turn it around
this game is really intense hate
book does not need to hit it if it is
I knew a shot when they are this
close a shot
oh god that little save my ass
die for me
now let's go well I'll catch is now
a little we will keep their distance
that has not even arrived
the time ago for so intense we go
first good both today that first of
my team but in truth or changing
of theme
I wanted to go up quite a lot and when
it came up I told you before it came out
I really wanted to go up but
lately he was very busy and the
Most target videos are videos
quite long so if you videos and upload
jumps or things like that he knew I'll upload them
by parts because they are very very long
some not so much but I'll see and I guess
that I'll upload more often like
if they are looking to raise more items
multiplayer because they are more concludes
podiums I hate partners of yours
I will try to upload short items or by
parts I do not want to say very short but
no videos of 20 minutes that do not give me
time to upload as the case of the video
earlier that I had problems with the envelope
best plants
to see we keep losing god I do not want
lose in my first client let's go let's
and here there are rocks now up here it's going
to take a
immediately come for me
his raid mode by god as belt gives the
back you are me
ha ha ha ha ha ha
I think it's remembered as much as not the
truth is that I think I was changing
so I did not expect this jo or
thank goodness that my tour look at the corpse
I would have saved if I was not a politician
on tour look at the corpse has a couple of
silly stuff
Come come come come no closer
grace since there were few people with
discount and most people have
shotgun is a pig including me
I now because if the shotgun
we always give them the people or not
always but I do not know in this game always
intends at least all the
world that sees a shotgun is champion
I see how I do not change, I'm going to change
unless I change, I'm going to leave the
shotgun a mouse I do not think we go
losing the course and I do not think it's
problem but saying is my first
gameplay is that I do not know or always
I have bad luck with those with
teams right now upload the score
I'm surely winning, I do not know, I'm going
first on both teams in scoring
surely but good the truth is that
on the other team there is one that is
pretty unique but the rest of me
flip equipment happens is that surely the
Most people in the world
Come on, you eat it yourself
nothing is that it was impossible dead but it
has been left with the shock of the club to see
we go up here we are still here less badly than
control it between transport because the
first times you use it you do not know how
get anywhere
d
there are times that it is simply body to
body is the best when not only
wait you give them two hits if they
while there are traumatized
you do
now wait wait
and brum or pretended to do that but it 's
likely to come
but here
give him two hits come now
well maybe we are losing more we were going
losing losing a lot but I'm
going well and it's fine apart I'm
happening well support some guys also
or
beautiful and now someone eastwood goes up
and I do not even have to check
if he was dead
and I really like all of them, either between
titan and hunter because I am sincere
I think the next one that I choose is
hunter because I have seen a skill
What does it have to do to become invisible or
camouflage for a while or something like that
and that's the key especially for assault
when someone dies and you need
reanimating that plane skill
has been reanimated and safely
to see pilla pilla and we are already giving
back in the two yes truth yes we are
turning knots but
come this one that happens to you that never
I get killed at one stroke it is done that
was the distance that the attacks are
how I want
for long distances to which one
distinctive olive slap
all right
He has returned sedated with my shotgun
exceptional
first on the other team but it's already
point of finishing the game so I'm going to
put my final cannonball that yes I know
they will take you to take them but you do not
you deserve it, wait no longer
I deserved it and since I do not have time to
throwing my pipe is not me
no no no no
Toma knew he had to kill someone
In short, if we have not won, it is not necessary
that is to say they have won us the
double but good I hope it has
liked the gameplay to this university
except not to me I hope you like the
video this if you do not forget to leave like
your comment when much to the channel
subscribe or if you are not and see you in
the next video bye bye